     
Q&A
1. What is BFC?
BFC stands for ATALANTA football club a sport investment company that focuses on empowering members to become financially free through its VIP investment opportunity.
2. What does BFC do?
We uses big data analytics system and software to make data-driven decisions that provide "zero risk and high ROI (Return on Investment)" for investors
3. How do you get involve?
You can simply get involve by registering on our website
4. How to use it?
Our platform is easy to understand. Anybody, with or without computer knowledge can use it
5. How can you make money? We provide multiple streams of income for our members.
5.1 By personal investment
Change your life by investing with us. Secure your future by investing and earning high income
5.2 By Referral Bonus Commission
Refer a friend, family member and earn high commission. Our refer program enable member earn high commission bonus when they invite others
6. How does the BFC platform make money?
Platform revenue includes team investment, league ticket share, including member investment funds will be used to make short term trading profit.
7. How it works?
We only charge transaction fees on profit earned not on capital. We strive to ensure you make money via our win-win investment model.
FACT YOU SHOULD KNOW
According to data 27% of investors only invest 1 percent of their fund, and after an average of 18days, they voluntarily double their fund, also 33% of investors double their fund within 32 days; and 40% of investors in 36 days, this is all possible because of our high return of investment model.
You need to know that among our investors, 14% have exceeded 300% ROI on their investment. After removing their investment cost.
Kindly visit in order to get started.
HOW TO PLAY THE GAME
BFC investment platform is different from other investment platform because of it interactive graphical user interface.
We use a "zero risk" investment algorithm, which reflects on football scores. As long as the wrong score is guessed, the investment can be profitable.
For example: The result of a football match is 3:0. If a member invests in a project other than "3:0" before the match, the investment can be profitable.
In the BFC investment platform, each game provides a total of 18 common score items such as: 0:0, 1:0, 1:1,1:2, 0:1, 0:2, 2:2... etc.
You can only choose one score item to invest in, even when the game result is different from your invested choice you still make money and the profit probability is 94.44%.
MAKE MONEY WITH OUR REFER PROGRAM - INVITE TO RECHARGE
(For Those with Investment knowledge)
If you know about investment, and have enough capital you can invest a huge sum and enjoy a high return rate of your investment.
To Recharge:click on the "Recharge bottom" in the product session and after successfully recharging enjoy your investment.
(For those with little Investment knowledge)
If you don’t have any investment experience. We advise that you invest small amount of funds, and after you are familiar and confident with the platform. You can increase your investment capital.
The global pandemic has made major economies lose over 4.9 percent of their gross domestic product (GDP). To put this number in perspective, global GDP was estimated at around 84.54 trillion U.S. dollars in 2020 – meaning that a 4.5 percent drop in economic growth results in almost 2.96 trillion U.S. dollars of lost economic output.
The world economy is at a depression stage. There is no better time to invest than now. With the BFC platform, every game provides you an opportunity to be financially free. Invest one day now and earn one day earlier.
(For those with no Investment knowledge and skepticism attitude)
Everyone was at this stage but now they have already made considerable profits using our platform. We now have over 8,000 investors that are taking advantage of this opportunity. You should not be left out, please join now.
MAKE MONEY WITH OUR REFER PROGRAM
You can get a commission bonus by inviting others. Members get refer commission bonus.
If you don’t want to invest, you can refer others to the platform and make good money.
Refer People, Talk to Family, invite your Friends and Make Money from Our Refer Program.